INT-3226: Fix onEditorChanged called three times after calling insertContent on a selection (#581)
tinymce/tinymce-react: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Support for `react` version `^19.0.0` by updating the `react` and `react-dom` in the `peerDependencies` to `^19.0.0`

### Fixed

> - onEditorChange called three times after calling `insertContent` on a selection. #INT-3226

Reviewer: My question is why was the function being called a third time to begin with? It looks like we removed a check which determines the change events that we are expecting but I'm not sure why removing that would prevent a third function call. 

My first thought is that `bindHandlers` is being called three times for some reason. I think twice would make sense given the change of `wasControlled` and `nowControlled` but what was causing the third? Was it caused by an additional and/or unnecessary re-render?

Author: The explanation is a bit long, but what happens is that there is a difference between how hooks with `setState` works, at some point `setState` would be called with a stale content which would cause some changes and re-rendering of the editor with incorrect data.

> - onEditorChange called three times after calling `insertContent` on a selection. #INT-3226

Reviewer 2: Maybe:

```suggestion
- The `onEditorChange` callback was called three times when content was inserted with `insertContent` editor API. #INT-3226
```
